New data source: azurerm_mysql_server (#8787)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/mysql_server.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Database"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_mysql_server"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing MySQL Server.

---

# azurerm_mysql_server

Use this data source to access information about an existing MySQL Server.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_mysql_server" "example" {
  name                = "existingMySqlServer"
  resource_group_name = "existingResGroup"
}

output "id" {
  value = data.azurerm_mysql_server.example.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the MySQL Server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. This needs to be globally unique within Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the MySQL Server.
```

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the MySQL Server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group for the MySQL Server.
```

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of the MySQL Server.

* `fqdn` - The FQDN of the MySQL Server.

* `location` - The Azure location where the resource exists.

* `sku_name` - The SKU Name for this MySQL Server.

* `version` - The version of this MySQL Server.

* `administrator_login` - The Administrator Login for the MySQL Server.

* `auto_grow_enabled` - The auto grow setting for this MySQL Server.

* `backup_retention_days` - The backup retention days for this MySQL server.

* `geo_redundant_backup_enabled` - The geo redundant backup setting for this MySQL Server.

* `identity` - An `identity` block for this MySQL server as defined below. 

* `infrastructure_encryption_enabled` - Whether or not infrastructure is encrypted for this MySQL Server.

* `public_network_access_enabled` - Whether or not public network access is allowed for this MySQL Server.

* `ssl_enforcement_enabled` -  Specifies if SSL should be enforced on connections for this MySQL Server.

* `ssl_minimal_tls_version_enforced` - The minimum TLS version to support for this MySQL Server.

* `storage_mb` -  Max storage allowed for this MySQL Server.

> * `threat_detection_policy` - Threat detection policy configuration, known in the API as Server Security Alerts Policy. The `threat_detection_policy` block supports fields documented below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `threat_detection_policy` - Threat detection policy configuration, known in the API as Server Security Alerts Policy. The `threat_detection_policy` block exports fields documented below.
```

* `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
---

> A `identity` block supports the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `identity` block exports the following:
```

   
* `type` -  The Type of Identity used for this MySQL Server.

* `principal_id` - The Client ID of the Service Principal assigned to this MySQL Server.

* `tenant_id` - The ID of the Tenant the Service Principal is assigned in.
---

> a `threat_detection_policy` block supports the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `threat_detection_policy` block exports the following:
```
